displayDamage             = true
critMultipliers           = true
quickBuy                  = true
autoItemTooltips          = true
extraRollovers            = true
lockItemPickup            = true
showMonsterLevelOnRollover = true
mapZoom                   = 40
importedCharacters        = false
targetOutline             = true
lockMapRotation           = false
cameraShake               = false
gore                      = true
questwidgetopen           = false
corpsePersistence         = 0
blood                     = 1
tutorialTips              = true
reportStats               = 2
targetLock                = false
inactiveUpdateRate        = 0
cloudSaving               = false
gamepadSupport            = false
breakingMoveTo            = true
textureQuality            = high
shadowQuality             = high
shadows                   = true
weatherQuality            = high
weatherEnabled            = true
depthOfField              = true
softParticles             = false
reflectionQuality         = high
detailLevel               = high
resolution                = 1920 1080
refreshRate               = 60
windowPosition            = 0 0
antiAliasing              = 1
anisotropicFiltering      = 1
screenMode                = 2
syncToRefresh             = false
tripleBuffer              = false
detailObjects             = true
advancedEffects           = true
brightness                = 0.5
contrast                  = 0.5
gamma                     = 0.5
fxQuality                 = high
lightingQuality           = high
uiScale                   = 0.60733
device                    = 0
colorblind                = 0
alphatocoverage           = false
masterVolume              = 0.17801
musicVolume               = 0.052356
effectsVolume             = 0.162304
ambientVolume             = 0.151832
dialogVolume              = 0
rockOn                    = false
speakerType               = 1
soundDevice               = 1
networkAdapter            = ""
networkMTU                = 1400
UPnPEnable                = true
language                  = "English"
datapath                  = ""
developer                 = true
forceSingleProcessorMode  = false
maxResourceThreads        = 1
skipCompatibilityChecks   = false
useArchives               = true
